Update API Sync tasks based on RC features (#81)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/import-api-specification-design-center.adoc

> = Importing an API Specification from Design Center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Import an API Specification from Design Center
```
So far, I have lost the Gerund Battle (-ing) and we are using imperative voice in titles....  GLOBAL

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Studio allows you to import an API Definition from Design Center into either into a new Mule Project, or an existing one.

Reviewer 2: allows > enables
into either into > remove one **into**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio enables you to import an API definition from Design Center into either a new Mule project or an existing one.
```
I know it's tricky, but try to capitalize only things that are actual products or a category of features specific to a product (component, module, and so on): names. We tend to overcapitalize in tech docs, because that's what Dev does. When in doubt, lowercase.

> This task only works for RAML types of API specifications.

Reviewer: I suggest moving this point into the intro, by specifying RAML there (if we mean the same thing by "specification" as by "definition":

"Anypoint Studio enables you to import a RAML API definition from Design Center into either a new Mule project or an existing one."

Perhaps we could add the size limitation here as well:

"Anypoint Studio enables you to import a RAML API definition of fewer than 4,000 lines from Design Center into either a new Mule project or an existing one."

Just ideas....

> == Importing an API from Design Center Into a New Project

Reviewer: This subtitle and the next are not exactly similar: do we mean to make a distinction between importing an API and importing an API specification? 
If these mean the same thing, consider searching these topics to standardize on one, best wording for this.

Reviewer: Is there anything to say here about new project vs. existing project: pros and cons?

> . In the top task bar, select *File*, then *New*, and then *Mule Project*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, select *File* > *New* > *Mule Project*.
```

. Type a name for your project.
. Select a Mule runtime engine version 4.1.4 or later.
. In the *API Specification* section, select the *From Design Center or Local Files* tab.

> . In the *Location* field click the *...* button and select *Design Center...*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Location* field, click the *...* button and select *Design Center...*.
```

. Select your Anypoint Platform username. +
If you are not logged in, you can click the *Add Account* button to add your Anypoint Platform account.
. In the *Browse Design Center for APIs* window, select the Anypoint Platform business group where the API specification is located. +

> If you have configured your AnyPoint Platform credentials, your username and business group will be grayed out. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have configured your AnyPoint Platform credentials, the username and business group options are unavailable. +
```
Per style ref: “gray”
Spell gray with an a. Don't refer to a button as "grayed out"; instead, describe an option as unavailable.

If you want to use a different account, click the *Add Account* button and log in again.
. From the list of available APIs, select the one you want and click *OK*.
. Click *Finish*.

> Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, uncheck the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* option.

Reviewer: This task topic is titled "Importing," so is it confusing to use "scaffolds" as the result of this task?
Also, at what point does the user unselect the Scaffold Flows checkbox? Should this step be in the previous task?

Reviewer: If this option is really a checkbox...:
```suggestion
Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, unselect the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* checkbox.
```

== Importing an API from Design Center into an Existing Project

> Importing an API specification from Design Center into an existing project deletes all your resources from your `src/main/resources/api` directory.

Reviewer: So...under what circumstances would a user prefer to use this method?
It sort of sounds like losing your existing filed resources is a bad thing: is it?
Would a user ever prefer to create a new project to avoid this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing an API specification from Design Center into an existing project deletes all resources from your `src/main/resources/api` directory.
```

> . Right click on your project in the Package Explorer view, select *Anypoint Platform*, and then *Import From Design Center (Local Copy)*.

Reviewer: Because this is the first step, I think it might be clearer to locate the user first, by naming the location first in the step:
```suggestion
. In the Package Explorer view, right-click on your project and select *Anypoint Platform* > *Import From Design Center (Local Copy)*.
```

. Select your Anypoint Platform username. +
If you are not logged in, you can click the *Add Account* button to add your Anypoint Platform account.
. In the *Browse Design Center for APIs* window, select the Anypoint Platform business group where the API specification is located. +

> If you have configured your AnyPoint Platform credentials, your username and business group will be grayed out. +

Reviewer: DITTO edit to line 20.

If you want to use a different account, click the *Add Account* button and log in again.
. From the list of available APIs, select the one you want and click *OK*.
. Click *Finish*.

> Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, uncheck the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* option.

Reviewer: DITTO edit to line 25
